hi guys I'm Richard this is a not the
early ready one desert there's more
coming whoa what's that a year early was
fine yeah just get straight way yes yes
flavor buffets
ah I just depends yeah I say ridiculous
things on people's did I sign anyone
stuff yesterday yeah I write ridiculous
things and just like a lot of stuff ah I
don't know chocolate chip sure right
so our blueberries blueberries pretty
good this Howard started a
all right well he's gotta quit yes right
there I don't even know I don't know
Akane I said that an awful good night I
know it's the one word that I don't know
I honestly it was so long ago
we stopped recording that I think in
like 2000 or something yeah what's your
favorite ah I turned it on you and I
rest uh I'm gonna go I'm still gonna go
with a con even though it's a one poor
thing Yeah right
it's exactly the same
oh I know Akane you're so uncute
yes well I'll tell you what and we start
almost every fight with windscar it is
completely ineffective never beat anyone
with wind scar outside of the first show
where we introduce wind scar every other
one is wind my favorite one
just in terms of this translation is
adamant barrage sir yes sir yes right on
lines over uh Rama in Yasha any comment
that coincidentally your Japanese
counterpart kappei yamaguchi also voiced
both Ranma and Inuyasha
yes well I mean it's not a coincidence
but at the same time like Toshi Yoshida
who is the the American producer of both
series was the producer of both series
so when we got the end of Ranma he was
showing me what he was going to be
working on which was Yasha and said hey
you know it's the same voice actor too
so that might be interesting but I still
have to go an audition with everybody
else and I'm and I was lucky enough to
get itself yeah and I met couch in
amazement ghouls epic totally epic as
defined by the Internet